Daniel Guerrero: Morning.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm texts of your morning you have a place that we could kind of talk and
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Everybody's in your own rooms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is today, kind of a rough morning
Daniel Guerrero: Early morning, you know, had a long night last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: It's extremely busy at work. Like, people don't understand. Go home and cook.
Daniel Guerrero: Everybody, everybody.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny. Hey home and fall
Down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be their financial advisor. Listen man, you could be spending spending like $15 here, you know, you could be saving that in a month, you'd be able to buy some by some new shoes, man.
Daniel Guerrero: $15 man these tickets. I'm talking about are like 60 $70 like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hey, what are they doing full stay home.
Who goes
Gwenevere Abriel: Chicken.
Daniel Guerrero: You know yeah for real chickens of $6 or you know 10 pounds but don't make some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The blackening seasoning. Get it done and cover you for two days.
Daniel Guerrero: Clovis, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't want. They don't want to stay home with their families, you need to get out of there.
Daniel Guerrero: So, you know, I, you know, as I tell my boss, you know, what are we going to do whenever the President says, all right, everything goes back to normal.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because we're one of maybe 10 restaurants that are open here in New Mexico in Clovis We're one of 10 okay
Daniel Guerrero: You know, right now, our main competitor is
Daniel Guerrero: Like McDonald's and Sonic, you know, you got your burger king.
Daniel Guerrero: But like home cooked food like you know like what we do.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. No one. There's no one
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because everybody gets tired. I, the way I looking at, it's like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, everybody gets tired eating like McDonald's or Burger King. You know, everybody gets tired of that same tasty want something different, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And, well, we're getting a shift into the stick, because
Daniel Guerrero: Let me down. We ran 20 $500 last night. That's a lot of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: But why are you getting the short end of the stick. I'm not getting up
Gwenevere Abriel: I think they would want
Daniel Guerrero: We're super busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: A good thing. Now, are you not in a position where you're getting tips.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, that's what you need, right there. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I, you know, and that's that's another thing here to the irritates me is because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, we have these cops that work for us, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And they're getting paid. You know, my boss is paying them 725 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: Plus tips. So they're making $240 $300 a night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something that interests you. Would you like to have that. I mean, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'd be great for you wouldn't
Daniel Guerrero: Open that would be that'd be more than great
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why won't they put one. Once you pick up a shift doing that. What's the problem with you doing it. What's your boss saying about that.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: He doesn't have the kitchen to cover, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: You know anybody who could take that spot.
Daniel Guerrero: Hey, but trust me, if I did, they would already be there.
Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Real
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's nobody that wants to take your spot learn a new skill and then you switch it out like every other week or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, hey,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's the sad part about it is, is that you know this guy.
Daniel Guerrero: You frustrates me man because he depends on me too much. You know,
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: Would that dependency comes
Daniel Guerrero: Up for myself it's it's a
Daniel Guerrero: I'm limited to what I can do. You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, here's a good example is because
Daniel Guerrero: In July, July 7 19 you know my daughter graduates in Abilene, Texas. I don't know if you know where Abilene, Texas is a
Well, anyways.
Daniel Guerrero: It's kind of like in the mill mill Texas.
Daniel Guerrero: She graduates from high school, man. I haven't been in her life for past 13 years 14 years, man. And I told him I'm going to that graduation and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, pretty much shit on himself because he don't know he's what he's going to do for the next for those two days. No, I told him I'm
Daniel Guerrero: I'm giving you a two and a half months notice that I'm leaving on this days and there's definitely going to do about it. There's nothing to go change my mind about going
Gwenevere Abriel: So seriously this this boss of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he could have you training someone that could be your end like you could be training someone and they know how to do it. And then when you come back, there's no excuse for I got somebody you know that you can switch. You know, you know, I mean, this
Daniel Guerrero: It has
Daniel Guerrero: To make because
Daniel Guerrero: But he doesn't see it that way, you know, he
Daniel Guerrero: He simple minded. If you know if you know what I mean, you know, he only has he has a one track mind and this one track mind is like, this is what you do. This is what you do. And there's no alternatives to anything.
Daniel Guerrero: And this way I want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he going to fire you. If you leave like what's really going to happen.
Daniel Guerrero: And honestly feel like, you know, because he's all like, well, I guess I'm gonna have to hire somebody else is what he told me
Daniel Guerrero: And I just kind of just like talking What do what you gotta do.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because I think it's kind of shitty you know that
Daniel Guerrero: He knows the situation, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Anybody who knows me, you know that you know it is. I've been working there for almost a year now, you know, I'll be there a year in June.
Daniel Guerrero: Or July. Either way, I'd be there a year. Pretty, pretty soon, and I've only come in twice, you know, the whole year. And it wasn't the first time I called him was not
Daniel Guerrero: It was not intentional at all because I was
Daniel Guerrero: The night before I was feeling just fine.
Daniel Guerrero: And as the night progressed, I started getting sick, like I got like terrible sick and I couldn't make it towards the next day.
Daniel Guerrero: Even if I wanted to go to work, there'd be no way I could have made it, you know. And so that was the first time I called in.
Daniel Guerrero: And then the second time I called in was because my wife had has a friend whose daughter was only like 13 or 14 and she was running the streets in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Daniel Guerrero: By herself nowhere to go.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it was wintertime, no cloning, you know, she had this little windbreaker on you know what else to do. So she called us she reached out to us and I wouldn't picked her up, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And brought her home. Well,
Daniel Guerrero: That was the second time that I call it
Daniel Guerrero: So bitterly in a whole year. I can count on my fingers, you know, a one hand. How many times you know I've left in, you know, called in or couldn't make it.
Daniel Guerrero: And he still had a problem with it you know it irritates the shit out of me because I do extra
Daniel Guerrero: I I maybe I'm just maybe I'm just in
Daniel Guerrero: I just felt like maybe he should have been like it's going to be tough, but I'll cover. Okay, you know, that's what I was expecting out of him.
Daniel Guerrero: And I didn't get that. So it makes me feel like that the partnership that we have no not even partnership, the boss employee relationship that we have is pretty much like I thought it was like I got your back. You got my back. I stand by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what evidence do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: That he has your back.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, you know, the only evidence that I that I have seen that he's got my back like Dan is if
Daniel Guerrero: You know what time I gotten a real good jam know yoga some money. I mean, of course I pay him back.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you know, and that's only. That's the only evidence that there is is that if I need something and it helps me out with it.
Daniel Guerrero: So like, you're probably right. I don't even know if he does have my bag. I mean, because
Daniel Guerrero: The business is big business has been there for 32 years so
Daniel Guerrero: You're probably right on par young, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Of course I'm replaceable but
Gwenevere Abriel: I am too. We are replaceable and same time. Listen, Daniel, you are incredibly special, unique and important. It's a both. It's both and thing I haven't heard much aside from that one story you just said about this boss of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: In line with the way you would be as a boss, I just wonder if you are imposing wishful thinking on to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it would be convenient, but you've also said he's a simple guy, it's very
Gwenevere Abriel: Concrete meaning. This is your job description. This is what you do. This is your shift. This is what when you show up period, and he doesn't want to talk about it.
Daniel Guerrero: But you
Gwenevere Abriel: You've seen a couple other things that make me also wonder if that's completely true he he lent you money. You told me he lent you money, you were in a jam, he was able to do that, which does take
Gwenevere Abriel: More thinking he had to trust you, that you would pay him back on there was something else. He did, which had to do with, he said.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you want to make here. You said 10 you got an increase the gotcha, all the way to 10 and then he said, well hey you're at 10 which you complain about that does take someone that actually is a little bit smarter than just
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's more smarts to him, then he's letting on
Daniel Guerrero: The other. I mean, well, he is. He is the son of, you know, the ex governor of New Mexico, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: So his, his dad was the governor of New Mexico. So they're like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, they're pretty intelligent people, you know, they're pretty smart. You know, they're well off, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: I just feel like I'm expendable at his at his account because you could just be like, You know what, you can go ahead and just clock out. Go home, you're fired. You know, and what am I going to do it pretty simple, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be the harm in you, assuming that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something that you could do to have something like really do your very best have something set up as just in case.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I don't, because you know I put in all the exam.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I remember I told you I had done this, the resume stuff and I
Daniel Guerrero: I, you know, I've put in application after application.
Daniel Guerrero: And I did receive one phone call back
Daniel Guerrero: Or you better the phone call that I had received was like
Daniel Guerrero: I just kind of felt like it wasn't
Daniel Guerrero: It wasn't for me because one rate of money would go down the loss of ours would go down.
Daniel Guerrero: The amount of hours. I got would go down the money to be made to go down.
Daniel Guerrero: And go
Daniel Guerrero: So I was just like, at that time, I wasn't in a position to take that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: There's no way you know it's, there's no way I could a typical net, but there was, but going and working for that, you know, for this other food chain.
Daniel Guerrero: There's opportunity there was opportunity to grow into something else I know where I'm at, it's family owned. So this is as far as I'm going to get. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And I told it's like I told my wife, yesterday I was like I sit down. This is this twin cronies in you know I'm 40 years old.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I feel like I should be at the peak of my career.
Daniel Guerrero: But I'm not because the choices that I make, and it frustrates me because I don't want to be doing a shift the rest of my life. You know what I really want to do for the rest of my life and I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just I just feel like I'm gonna, you know, I'll be honest with you. When I was younger, I wanted to be a cop. You know what I wanted to go to the military.
I wanted to
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I wanted to, I wanted to be down PT sergeant, you know, physical training sergeant and the military and I didn't even make it that far because of my daily choices that I made. So it frustrates the hell out of me that today, I'm going to depend on this dude.
Daniel Guerrero: I got I got daughters are getting ready to go to college now.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you know, there's gonna be a time to devote a call and be like, Hey, Dad, you know, these books are going to cost me this much for this semester. And I really need them.
Uh huh.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm going to be like, Okay, I hope you you know because I'm living paycheck to paycheck, you know, an Ethernet frustrates me, you know, because you know it's not just one daughter, it's three daughters.
Daniel Guerrero: You know that they're about to be in college student, and I'm talking real soon. I have one daughter, that's going to be starting college in August of this year yeah and and then and then her sister behind her both know Bobby this year, but the following year.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. And then my daughter at home won't be that year, but it'll be the following year. So, so for the next three years. I'm going to have three daughters that are going to college. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this, this, this, this place doesn't sound like it's for you but fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what's coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: As gotcha, gotcha change to this place.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just, you know, because I want my kids to grow up and do better than me, you know, way better than me, you know, and they already are.
Gwenevere Abriel: already are. Yeah. I mean, they already. It's already in place. So you've already got. You don't have to question that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part is
Daniel Guerrero: Already in high school, you're going to college, one of my daughter got a got a four year scholarship to the university Christian University in Abilene and she's going to be
Daniel Guerrero: So you want to go and your nursing degree in different directions. Go to your doctor's degree. And so she wants to become a doctor, you know, my other daughter, she's, she's in the law and she wants to be a judge. So that's what she's going to go do
Daniel Guerrero: And then my daughter at home. Of course, you know, she
Daniel Guerrero: You know, she's like all I'd be this. I want to be a judge on a be a district attorney. I want to be a prosecutor, you know, kind of like
Daniel Guerrero: Whoa, and they're being for real about it, you know, they're for real evaluate and
Daniel Guerrero: So it's just like, you know, how, how can I help them, you know, along the way I want to help them be successful because I wasn't, but I'm not gonna be able to do it at a, you know, edit, you know, just, I just frustrating, Amanda.
Daniel Guerrero: Cleaning all these applications, put them in, put them in, put in me. I even
Daniel Guerrero: I even went as far as Walmart, I had two interviews at Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And then they told me that I was under qualified you know that their store.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bias. I bet it's something something stupid like a tattoo or something with your background. It has nothing to do with qualified your way overqualified, this is, this is the kind of next step I am
Daniel Guerrero: Knows
Gwenevere Abriel: So what about what about if this guy fires. You can you file for unemployment.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I hope he fires me
Gwenevere Abriel: As a fan.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because, you know, it's hard for me. I'm gonna be honest with you right now. It's hard for me to move to another job because
Daniel Guerrero: Because I have so much relying on these every two weeks paychecks.
Daniel Guerrero: A lot, you know, you know, I have a lot of my bill setup to we're like, Okay, here's this, you know, two weeks and then in two weeks. Here's the other part in in two weeks. Here's the other part.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I have all my bills are we live paycheck to paycheck all my bills. Remind me to get paid every other Friday.
Daniel Guerrero: And finally paid every other Friday and it goes into, you know, there's a good chance to, you know, these people going to come in and start taking my shit, you know, you can start sending my bills off. I can't afford them. You know, because I
Daniel Guerrero: Was the same time.
Daniel Guerrero: I can barely afford working where I'm at, because a game of the day, you know, getting paid peanuts and it sucks ass, you know, but I'm like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just feel like he has been in a in a tight spot right there, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But he doesn't that the this is the part that
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is the choice that you have is to shift that thinking to
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I need to do to move forward. If you spend five minutes, two minutes even on this guy has me cornered.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is still your choice. And I know it's an uncomfortable one
Gwenevere Abriel: But the freedom that comes from realizing that your, this is your choice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not like your choices. I'm not saying that I'm saying the choices are tough ones, but it will wipe you out if you feel cornered by someone else that they are run in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be in this life to have this job to choose to not go risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go reaching out knocking on doors KIND OF THING WE CAN LITERALLY DO IT. BUT metaphorically.
Gwenevere Abriel: But before you could have, you know, these are my skills. Maybe you want to open your own restaurant. I don't know what you want to do, but
Daniel Guerrero: Life and I talked about to, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, how can we, how can we
Daniel Guerrero: Because I sort of a, you know, I would like to do, because I think if I was opening my own restaurant. I know I can shut this down, you know, not only him, you know,
Truck
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, that would be nice, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Last time I talked to somebody who owned one was like $15,000, you know, that was just for the truck itself equipment. It was insane. And what the other equipment.
Daniel Guerrero: He didn't know. But that's all he wanted. He would have $15,000 for the food truck, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, hey, if we want this ideal thing. It's one version, but there's also compromised versions used this pulling pieces right now think people are selling things you could probably put it together on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not trying to give you advice. I'm just saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: Your time brainstorming on what's next.
Yeah, you
Daniel Guerrero: Know, I really appreciate that. But I mean it's it's dead serious stuff because
Daniel Guerrero: You know this is something that I think about when I when I go to bed, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: What am I going to do for
Daniel Guerrero: The next five years. What am I, where am I going to be in five years.
Daniel Guerrero: Where's my viet in five years, five years. I'm not be
Daniel Guerrero: In five years. I want to be able to own some vehicles that are dependable and five years going to be able to
Daniel Guerrero: Take care of my kids are in college, you know, and help them get through college, so that they can set up a career, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: These are the things I'm thinking about today, which I should have done about before I even started having kids, I should have thought, you know, if I see you and started messing up, but I mean, just for that, but
Daniel Guerrero: You know, these are things that frustrate me know these are things that I think about every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel, it is going to likely feel better that each day you are investing in that five year plan if you're doing some small thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is an investment in that you already are, by not being in jail, you're already
Gwenevere Abriel: investing in your future. So let's be honest, the fact that if you're not slinging anymore. That's an investment. So see always take pride in that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're available to them, you get to be around to give them advice about, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How to Treat a friend, how to do homework, how to eat, how to be in a family man. You're there to be a dad that's huge one of your biggest battles is going to be on a daily basis confronting that stuff about your past.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, giving into I should have woulda coulda and isn't going to serve you, it, it just won't
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you know that notion of how to what do I want to be doing five years from now and then just immediately. What am I doing, what can I, what can I do for five minutes. That's an investment in that future
Gwenevere Abriel: And my guess is what you're doing. If you had to be honest. How are you doing five minutes of investment in your future every single day.
Daniel Guerrero: I guess I'm not, you know, because you know I could I could be doing, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, some positive, you know, maybe reaching out, you know, some different. Yeah, because there is there is job out there right there is other job opportunities out there.
Daniel Guerrero: But I don't know if those those resources are limited today because of, you know, they're so Cobra 19 thing that's going on. And I understand the risk, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: I would hate, I would hate you know to go out and bring that home and then expose that to my family or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: As I
Daniel Guerrero: Understand the
Daniel Guerrero: Courses may be limited because of the because of those reasons, you know, there's some factories. They have closed down here in Clovis, you know, there are something like
Daniel Guerrero: There's other restaurants are closed down. You know, this business meatpacking company, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Know what they do out here know killed that live cattle every day. No, no, they they chop it the packet. They mail it they send it
Daniel Guerrero: And that was something that I was interested in, and I did have a job interview with them and I went to it.
Daniel Guerrero: But it was when I first got out of prison. They told me
Daniel Guerrero: Like are you currently employed. I said no. I said, I just, you know, I didn't say that I had just got a prison right I said, No, I'm not. I'm not employed at the time.
Daniel Guerrero: We said, well, you need to go and get a job and hold that job for three months then come back and applying
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: This fear of losing the income that you have is so big.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you don't want to sit with even those five minutes of
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to study for my GED know Joe, I need to get it done every day. I need to open up a book and be reviewing good but secret you're holding yourself back the truth of the matter is, this is a lot harder than you thought it would be.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard something didn't land in your lap.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you would tell your daughters and your and your boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would, what would you tell me if I'm your donor and it didn't land in my lap. What would you tell me
Daniel Guerrero: I gotta keep pushing
You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Push even when you are afraid I'm afraid to take that exam.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still have to show up. I'm going to be anxious and maybe I must throw up. But I'm gonna go
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna try and get at least to see my try again. D. I'll try and cast this class, you're going to show up. You're not gonna let Oh man, I completely forgot it was do my paper was do what you better write something and turn something in
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it wouldn't you do that when she said we'll get it done.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this fear is huge in your life. This was what was supposed to happen incrementally. You were robbed of that straight up, you did not have a family that gave you, small doses of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyday continue to add challenges where you had it only frustrated little frustrations not life or death.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't get a chance to do that. So have compassion. It's happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're kind of like, like what's your kids right now. It's like, Dang, I've got to face my fear and fear. Fear has a lot of consequence. I'm a lover family down
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to bring this money in. But the fact of the matter is, you have a vision of what you want. And it's going to take
Gwenevere Abriel: being uncomfortable for LM asking is five minutes a day where you sit with the discomfort. You can set a timer and sit with the fear, the discomfort of what if I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: For five minutes a day. And if you can't do it for yourself do I'm gonna do it because I'm a represent for my kids, I'm asking them to do this, I'm going to represent
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know I'm not minimizing how how hard a worker, you are you, I hope you know I'm definitely not saying that because you and I have record.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I respect you.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, that wasn't even a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. So this I'm speaking some truth here. This is
Daniel Guerrero: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: What we do, this is how, when we're raising our kids. It's like no, man. I got you right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard. Give it another five more minutes of thinking study it review it asked me some questions, sit with your frustration son, daughter, we believe in them when they don't believe in themselves. That's what parents do when we're little and you didn't have that
Gwenevere Abriel: It might just it, but unfortunately you're going to have to generate it yourself and you do not have that internal ego state structure in there so I'm doing it right now. I'm saying I believe in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's going to be uncomfortable for those five minutes, and I've got a few of them in my own life. I'm like, Oh, I hate, not knowing what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I hate it. I hate it and I, and so I tricked myself and I'm like, Okay, I'm not really going to do. I'm just going to open the website and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a little tricks. I'm like, all I'm going to do is look at it and let me but then I'm like, well, actually I could do a little something there. Then I do a little something and then all of a sudden 20 minutes have passed so I tricked myself a little
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what this five minutes is five minutes is a trick because then you end up, you realize it's not as bad as you thought
Daniel Guerrero: Right you know a lot of my problem is man is is
Daniel Guerrero: Not a very good reader. I mean, I can eat, you know, but I have a hard time understanding like bigger ones. You know, I have to
Daniel Guerrero: What I do is I don't have to go to Google and type in the word to pronounce it for me. So I pronounce it, you know.
Daniel Guerrero: And then I tell
Daniel Guerrero: Me what the word means. It's always hard for me at times to grasp it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a growth mindset, though, that means it's just a matter of learning those words and i think i think you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're under estimating your comprehension of words, because I don't have to explain, actually a lot to you just even in our dialogue we tend to kind of know what I'm talking about. So, are you sure you know, is it. Are you saying that reading itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is difficult
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know if it's just because you know I've been told, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, my whole life. You know, I just don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's what it is.
Daniel Guerrero: Or if it's just
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just, I don't know. You know, I don't know frustrates me because you know I
Daniel Guerrero: I just wanted you know I made the wrong choice and and I can't take them back and I you know I know damn well today that you know if you don't have an education or if you don't have some kind of degree in something. Well, it's hard. It's hard to get a good paying job.
Daniel Guerrero: And then, you know, you know, I've got a jacket. You know that I wear every day that says spelling on it, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, that's another thing that's difficult for me.
Selling
Daniel Guerrero: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It says spelling
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, what
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, man. That's funny. I was like, why are you wearing a jacket that says spelling you like spell. Give me a word to spell challenged me everybody was kind of cute like okay, that's one way to learn some words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, asked me to spell that that's gonna be that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What I thought, actually that's a darn good idea. How about you tell you that on your chest. Make me spell that first
Daniel Guerrero: Use it in a sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god, that's funny. Okay, thank you. Zoom Telehealth for the comedy this morning.
Smelling
Gwenevere Abriel: Felon felon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cute. Well, that's going to carry me all day long about laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, let me just, I'm looking at something just to I really want to start to have a reality test with you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We just see from digital dear resident summertime purchase or some or life he deserves our party and pull usage rules bear repeating case remind them that
Please remind my fishes that they must obey the following rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So question one, select the option that correctly completes itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna be kind of fun. You want to do a little in vivo. I literally I only have a heads up on you by just like literally 10 seconds. Why do one more thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do a reality test because you have this judgment about yourself and I want to see if it's if it's true. So this is random. I just pick this thing is really random
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a this is I just pulled this up free practice test for je je je reading practice tests. So the reasoning through language arts section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Includes sentence completion passages which test your grammar and language skills or practice questions or multiple choice, but on the actual test, you will use a drop down menu.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drop down is a little arrow, and then things you get to select from them to select the text which correctly, complete the sentence. So here we go. The passage below is incomplete.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see I just read it when you were here. You watch me do it didn't take me very long. So the past just flows incomplete for each question, choose the option that correctly completes the sentence. So down here for us this question one right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's a question down here. See, it's so it'll say, please. So it says select the option that complete correctly completes the sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to be we're either going to put a we're going to put be we're going to put see we're going to put d. Now, I have this thing that I do that before I start a video I look, I look at my questions. First of all, print out my quiz. When I'm doing a certification.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most professionals do we, I feel like it's a bit of a cheat.
Gwenevere Abriel: We print out our questions first. And as I'm listening to the video and I'm going to a training. I'm answering them as I go along.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what I do. So first I read them and I say, Okay, these are some of my choices that are going to these are going to be my questions, it'll either be a
Gwenevere Abriel: So says please remember that that's part of this up here as summertime approaches and residents are more likely to have visitors are parking and pool usage rules. A bear repeating bear just means
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important to repeat. So the word bear in here means important to repeat here goes. So watch keep this phrase in your mind. Please remember that. Okay, so please remember that. So I'm going to be, I'm going to have to remember something
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be my question, please remember that now is, am I about to read up here in this body of text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I supposed to remember that there are designated visitor parking in front of each apartment building in the complex or there's designated visitor parking in front of each apartment building.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your designated visitor parking
Gwenevere Abriel: Are Oh there is, there are, there is designated
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see. So they're focusing on grammar. It looks like. So there are. I see. So are is plural.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are refers to multiple things is is singular think that's what they're focusing on between these two sentences.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is designated visitor parking in front of each apartment building. There are designated visitor parking what that one's definitely wrong that was wack. There are designator visitor parking in front of each department K, that's just a mess. I like that one. Please remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, as summertime approaches and residents are more likely to have visitors or parking and pool usage rules require bear repeating require repeating please remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please remind any visitor that they must obey the following rules if they are parking on our property park in designated visitor. So you parking designated
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know I'm going to do that. Cars may not be parked in visitor parking for more than 48 hours can't can't park more than 40 hours visitors are strictly prohibited from parking okay some visitors cannot park in residential parking spots.
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically, there's, you gotta park in the visitor parking. That's for real. Okay, there's there's will be towed if they don't do it the right way. Okay, so let me just go down here to one again please remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can figure out which one this is because I'm trying to figure it out myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are designated visitor parking
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is designated visitor parking in front of each of building. Is that true, did they talk about where it was.
Daniel Guerrero: They said it was in the front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please remember you are. I see you so do to do. I'm right, and blah, blah, blah, blah, he typically boop boop boop, but do
Gwenevere Abriel: You said in front, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. Where is it, man.
Daniel Guerrero: In our parking and
Daniel Guerrero: Repeating
Daniel Guerrero: Oh no, it doesn't say
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't say where I think the key is
Gwenevere Abriel: They're focusing on, you definitely need a parking visitor spots.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't know about the where I just see something like go back down my choices again so far I'm liking be so far. I'm like, and be the best there is, isn't there designated
Gwenevere Abriel: Parking in front of each apartment complex. Let me see. Oh, right. So, where it's located. Um, we just see if there's anywhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Park and designate a visitor, whereas it cars, maybe. Did you do
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Women, there is an overflow parking available visitor parking spots within the complex
Gwenevere Abriel: More than two guys in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Suit. I'm trying to figure out where the heck it is.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen, all of them say the same place. So we don't have to worry about that anymore. We're just going to assume it's in front of the apartment complex let's focus on grammar. Because look, here's our clue. What is this all about it says this whole thing up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This includes sentence completion caches just which test does it test where the apartment complex know it's testing my grammar and language skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I know they're trying to trick me up with the is and the are you see in here. We're oops, that's not the one I wanted. Oh, shoot. That just between you and I, that's not, I was just trying to select it.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually remember I was telling you, I thought it was be so anyway I got it right, I got it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I all I was going to do is try and highlight this word is
Gwenevere Abriel: And and the are. That's where they were trying to trick you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember, the whole point of this is we go back up. We look for our clues
Gwenevere Abriel: In our instruction. They're trying to trip me up in my grammar and my language. So I know it's not about really fact finding. It's more about how I'm going to get tripped up in grammar. So there are designated visitor parking. Does that sound right to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, because this R is for plural, it would be better. It would have been correct grammar. Listen to this. There are designated visitor parking spaces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it would have worked Tom because spaces is plural. But visitor parking is a singular statement I I don't know how to teach language. I've just
Gwenevere Abriel: I've learned over the years but I sure know when I hear it when it's wrong. And so what's really important is that I hear myself say it so I can test it. This was a tough one.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I get it. You know, because
Daniel Guerrero: I get it, because like it just didn't make sense. But now that you read it right you know it makes sense now that you read it right and this is what I'm telling you know because
Gwenevere Abriel: Read this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you read, read, read the explanation.
Daniel Guerrero: Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Open. I'm going to make it. Oh, I'm making it bigger. It's working. I'm making it bigger, bigger so better
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: It says answer be answer choice B is correct because they use the correct spelling of their
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I didn't even see that when we see
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was a wrong spelling all look at this there refers to a possessive person they tripped you up with that didn't even see that
Daniel Guerrero: I noticed that there was like there's, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: You caught it. Okay, keep going. So there, there's a clue right there. Keep going. So after there and keep going.
Daniel Guerrero: Correct form of the word to be
Daniel Guerrero: There is is referring
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see where they have to be have to be is the
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I think they mean is an R. I think that's what they're referring to is the R VS is
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah verb is phrases are so the correct form of the verb to be, which means we are alive. We is they
Bear.
Daniel Guerrero: I guess in a sentence.
Daniel Guerrero: There is referring to the location of visitors visitor parking and the apartment complex. The word
Daniel Guerrero: There is a
Daniel Guerrero: possessive pronoun. I didn't see I don't even know what those mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't either. You don't have to just keep on I don't either.
Daniel Guerrero: Going and and those and does not fit the sentence, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Daniel Guerrero: This you
Daniel Guerrero: Eliminate. Eliminate answer choice B. C.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so what they're saying is the there which you saw this thing when it speaks to
Gwenevere Abriel: A possessive. That's their toy. Now it is over there, you knew that you may not have known the
Gwenevere Abriel: Language
Gwenevere Abriel: That grammatical way I don't either. That's why I'm not a language teacher. I can't, I can't, I don't know how to describe it either.
Daniel Guerrero: So possessive kind of sounds like like possession. Like there's
Gwenevere Abriel: This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yes.
Daniel Guerrero: There's like somebody that possesses something or
Gwenevere Abriel: And the pronoun is is that they're
Gwenevere Abriel: So possessive means it's theirs. It's their toy. You're not pointing to the location. This one is location.
Gwenevere Abriel: Th care. And so, look what they did, they're giving you clues you know it's not C or D choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they screwed up the word there so you could already eliminate that one you right here, you caught that. Didn't you you knew it when you saw this walk a new thing. And I didn't even pick up on that you picked up on.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, okay. It says this is the correct form.
Daniel Guerrero: This is the correct form of the word of the verb to be in the sentence because the verb is referring to one parking area. It needs to be a singular verb. This eliminates the answers, a nd
Gwenevere Abriel: So the word is he was highlighted.
Daniel Guerrero: This no yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the correct form of the verb to be, to be or not to be. It's a very likely either alive. We are. We aren't that's what they're speaking to, in the sense, because the verb is referring to one.
Gwenevere Abriel: parking area. So it needs to be a singular verb number up here. I was saying something's wack about our versus is this one was off and then you heard me say it out loud, and then you knew for sure it in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: did wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys know when we say a word out loud. If we say a sentence out loud. We're going to, we may not know how we may not know our fancy present participle all that nonsense, but you're going to know it when you hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when you're sitting in a test you can do those are designated parking
Gwenevere Abriel: There are designated visitor parking their designated No that's stupid. That sounds stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is designated visitor parking parking is one unit. It's a one thing in front of each yeah baby. That's it. And we got the right there. I bet you would have picked this. Okay, so we just did an activity. I bet you weren't expecting that today where you
Daniel Guerrero: Know you know it's good lesson, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but what did you notice about yourself.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah, well I guess I'm not really all that often what I thought, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No you're not.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have a master's degree.
Daniel Guerrero: That's, that's kind of cool. You know, I really appreciate you.
Daniel Guerrero: Know what I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was thrown at you like, like fat you didn't. You didn't have time to really slow down. You didn't have time to really even know, get yourself mindset around. What are we going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You picked up on the there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pick up on this, this the whole structure was completely foreign to you and I throw it at you and you were brilliant
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wanted to end. And did I know that about you too, we ever done that before. No, but I knew that just from listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the range of vocabulary words you have one thing that you do that if you ever want me to point it out, that would benefit from a switch in the way you say something that might trip you up and I can do that if you if you tell me you want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has to do I think with a past tense present tense thing that might, it might be useful to you in an endeavor like this in a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the reality. Daniel is you have come across this way with a wide vocabulary range very articulate way of speaking since the day I met you, you have had this this is this is you. You're an intelligent capable, man.
Daniel Guerrero: We know
Daniel Guerrero: I really appreciate them. I just didn't, you know, I
Daniel Guerrero: Know I heard different words every day. I have people using different vocabulary every day, you know, and it's just like
Daniel Guerrero: Now I come, I come. I don't know how to talk like that, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I go I don't have those books March, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And I, you know, it's kind of frustrating to me because I just feel like that.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, my parents didn't give me the right opportunity, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And it's and I try to make sure that my kids have that opportunity. You know, make sure that they make sure that they even though their home being homeschooled. And I don't even know.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, my daughter is in kindergarten and they're teaching her place value and they're teaching her whole numbers, already you know
Daniel Guerrero: hazing. What is that, you know, my, my other daughter, she's you know. She's a, she's a second grade and we're already doing long division know it's like wow you know
Gwenevere Abriel: How can that be so yeah, so are you judging yourself negatively, because you don't know how to do what a second graders doing
Daniel Guerrero: No, I just, I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: Judging myself, mainly because like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I had, I had a hard time learning in school and I was embarrassed by it. So when a teacher said. Does everybody understand. Yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Daniel Guerrero: So it was just like
Daniel Guerrero: So when it came time to do tests and stuff instead of the, you know, teacher coming to me and be like hey Danny, do you really understand because according to your
Daniel Guerrero: You know great john understanding what's going on. Do I need to sit down with you. I didn't get that opportunity. You know, or if I would have seen that in a student. I'm a bit a
Daniel Guerrero: I need you to stay after class and you know visit with you.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because that's your job.
Daniel Guerrero: Or his job as a teacher is to make sure that you're
Daniel Guerrero: You're learning
Daniel Guerrero: And I didn't have that, you know, I hadn't had a math teacher that was just like she was just horrible.
Daniel Guerrero: Now that I can remember her. I remember her, you know, and she was just like she was the most worst teacher I've ever met in my life. Because if you didn't get it, she explained, and she explained it so fast it confused me
Daniel Guerrero: And it's like, All right, we're moving on. I'm like, Okay, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: For me it was difficult, you know, but then
Gwenevere Abriel: What what happened in here. That was not what that math class was like what happened in here between us. It was not a parallel if it didn't, if we didn't do what had happened to you before. What did you and I do that is not the same as the way school was
Daniel Guerrero: Um, we looked we research. The problem together, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I do, what do you, what did you hear me doing even as this person that has power right and authority and blah, blah, blah. I got more education. WHAT DID I DO WHAT DID YOU HEAR ME DO
Daniel Guerrero: You know, we read, we read the read everything we went over everything together. And so for like for me that was, that was great but
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know. No, I don't know what answer you're looking for. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. I said, I don't know either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I accidentally press the wrong button.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what a possessive pronoun is
Gwenevere Abriel: I humble.
Daniel Guerrero: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I imagine it feels better to be around someone who isn't better than you act like they're better than you. It's a really unpleasant feeling to be around someone when they think they're better than you. It's awful.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, they go. So, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I don't happen to think I'm better than anybody, it's just whatever. Here I am, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think I better say I lucked out, you know, I didn't focus very hard and undergrad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure to graduate school serious
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is truly
Gwenevere Abriel: It. There's no special code. There's no special club that I'm in
Gwenevere Abriel: I might have had this opportunity this opportunity and this opportunity that you didn't have. But it doesn't mean you can't have the same outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could literally have more education than me and be further along than me. I'm not the reference standards success, but I'm here and we're talking. But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to need to believe in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though every experience you had all these messages of
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not smart enough, you can't do it, and all that a fair assessment of school setting, it's awful to be in a classroom and
Gwenevere Abriel: And not know what how to do something. It's awful. It really sticks with people for a long time. So don't be surprised that that feeling of I don't want to not know it's awful. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: It might keep you from doing things you want to do. But that's normal. It's common and but it's not the end of the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what the recipe that you may need is to remember that was then
Gwenevere Abriel: If I, if I make decisions based on preventing embarrassment and right looking like a fool. I'm not going to get what I want in life you are not nine years old anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can tolerate someone thinking you're a fool. Hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it. The worst thing that can happen if someone thinks
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't know how to do this well who cares what I think it's some guy some teacher who cares. You have so many people in your life. All this love. These are the people
Gwenevere Abriel: That believe in you, your children, believe in your wife leaves you, I believe in you, and I'm sure there's more support out there. If you look, we believe in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Care about what we think not about the idiots. Turn them out. Yeah. No. Should I want to take it again. I want to work on that. Hey. Catch Me If You see me doing that same thing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not I'm an idiot. And I can't do it. That's the old. That's it. That's a nine year old. That's a 10 year olds self appraisal and identity and belief in the self you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can say, Man, I can't believe I didn't remember it. I've ever put some stickies up. I better tell my kids quiz me on this all week long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me what the grammar is for that. I'm not kidding, it's funny. But what if it's true, that'd be funny spelling
Gwenevere Abriel: Spelling back
Daniel Guerrero: Dissonance
Gwenevere Abriel: Use it or what's the grammatical present participle possessive pronoun, what the heck's
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have humility, Daniel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Limitless it's limitless, but you get stuck in. I've got this felony on my back and I'm always going to be like this and people are always going to see me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see like that. So there's an exception to the rule. I don't see you as a felon. I met you. And I was like, look at that. That guy knows how to articulate what's going on inside of him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if you the biggest key here is you keep that vision of what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you are humble.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can't possibly know
Gwenevere Abriel: When you haven't learned
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't know what you haven't learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Your parents did the best they could, they did a crappy job. By the way, but
Gwenevere Abriel: They did the best they could, because if we if we get hung up on any other story we start getting angry, resentful, we
Gwenevere Abriel: We spend all our time being angry at those parents and all that for now. I would say, Let's not let it SAP all your energy. It's going to be today. How can I use this strength of humility to learn what I didn't learn when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: These are my 10 words, your family, get your family involved. Make sure you use them in a sense and and make me get these darn things. And here's the here's the way to sick, so just now can I point something out. You did that was kind of whack.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to pointed out to you.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you said the most worst
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know you're laughing. So, you know, something must have been asked with it right
Daniel Guerrero: So funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: But why are you laughing. Do you know what's off about that.
Daniel Guerrero: It just doesn't sound right. You know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you just dropped the most now now say it.
Daniel Guerrero: Worse. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No worst
Gwenevere Abriel: The worst thing about that crummy childhood was a missed opportunity. The worst thing about this meal is the okra.
Gwenevere Abriel: The most worst
Gwenevere Abriel: See, once you guys notice how once you heard it. You see what a skill that is when you know that you're an auditory learner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you, you got to hear it. You got to hear it. Everybody's got a different channel of learning. Some people are visual. Some are auditory, some are kinesthetic, they've got to actually like do it moves the words around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you knowing that you're an auditory learner, you'd be talking to the people say that out loud and then sound right. And then now. Okay, now I got it.
Daniel Guerrero: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The most worst teacher
Gwenevere Abriel: She was the worst teacher or if you have to. If you're in love with this word most
Gwenevere Abriel: If you just gotta have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if there's a way to do it, how would I do it if I had to use that word to say you got to use the word most in this next sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are the most
Gwenevere Abriel: effective teacher I've ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, most impatient t shirt. I've ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Ignorant woman I've ever met.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how to describe to you the grammar of it, but I sure know when it sounds wrong.
Daniel Guerrero: It's there. I hear it, you know. Okay.
So Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Five minutes a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Risk risk it you're worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make it fun include your family laugh about what we did today with this whole thing on the on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Attached to and and and get things up on the walls and have fun with it. You are going to be like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bunch soaking it up, but it's going to need to be said, you're going to need to hear it out loud, you're going to need to hear it because that's how you learn. You have a style and it's auditory
Daniel Guerrero: Alright.
Alright.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's let me see. Do I already have something for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. I have May six at 9am
Daniel Guerrero: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: For individual therapy. Do I need to message a doctor about medication, are you good to go.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, wow, today was really different. Wasn't it
Daniel Guerrero: Is, you know, quite an experience. You know, I really enjoyed it. Because you know there's some things that I want to do is open them, you know, open that window, you know, because I need it most definitely
Daniel Guerrero: Most again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but you can use it by itself. That's fine. Or you may want to think about. I'm going to, well, I gotta go. My next clients here, but think about an app on your phone or on a computer or something is called Xcel learning
Gwenevere Abriel: I use it like if I can't figure out how to help one of my kids like how to do math. I'm like, I don't know. So I go on there and like get the answer wrong intentionally and then it shows me how to do it, kind of like that blue section just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: It shows me if
Gwenevere Abriel: You look at the x axis, you look at the Y axis and then you divide it by this and you know it's this acute angle and blah, blah, blah. All and then it all comes back and like, oh yeah, I remember on there. Then I school
Gwenevere Abriel: And but guess what I have humility. Can't do it. Can't do it. If I think I look stupid. If I don't already know. And yes, I have to put up with my kid making fun of me, but I don't care, I make fun all the time. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm looking forward to seeing what your five minutes. Looks like this week. Huh.
Right.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we log out and come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we come right back.
Cynthia We: No. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, can we log out and come right back.
Cynthia We: Yes. Okay. Right.